Add comparison table to `Why Vizro` docs page (#90)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/explanation/why_vizro.md

> | **Assembly system** <ul><li>Configuration-driven assembly system of Vizro automatically builds user-friendly, higher-level dashboard concepts (e.g. a filter) from low-level individual components (e.g. a dropdown component plus a filtering function).</li><li>Various implementations of code standards are applied by default to the underlying code assembled from the configuration, such as inbuilt unit test coverage and linting.</li></ul> | <ul><li>Removes the need for users to learn how to write the “glue code” which combines lower-level components.</li><li>Removes the time taken to write the “glue code” which combines lower-level components.</li><li>Speeds up development by removing the need to spend so much time on implementing code standards for the assembled code.</li><li>Reduces what can be 1000s of lines of code down to dozens of lines of configuration.</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Many Python packages still require a moderate understanding of the coding required to assemble higher-level dashboard concepts, which necessitates the creation of “glue code” to combine lower-level components. <br/><br/> Vizro primarily provides a configuration to simplify that assembly of components offered by existing packages (currently leveraging Plotly/Dash), and so occupies a slightly different niche from libraries offering primarily the lower-level components themselves. It also removes the requirement from users to implement certain code standards for the assembled code themselves, and therefore saves time on often time consuming things such as writing unit tests and ensuring linting coverage. | Many BI tools incorporate the assembly of higher-level concepts automatically from GUI (drop-and-drag) interfaces, and occupy a slightly different niche to the configuration driven assembly provided by Vizro.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Assembly system** <ul><li>Configuration-driven assembly system of Vizro automatically builds user-friendly, higher-level dashboard concepts (e.g. a filter) from low-level individual components (e.g. a dropdown component plus a filtering function).</li></ul> | <ul><li>Removes the need for users to learn how to write the “glue code” which combines lower-level components.</li><li>Removes the time taken to write, test and optimise the “glue code” which combines lower-level components.</li><li>Reduces what can be 1000s of lines of code down to dozens of lines of configuration.</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Many Python packages still require a moderate understanding of the coding required to assemble higher-level dashboard concepts, which necessitates the creation of “glue code” to combine lower-level components. <br/><br/> Vizro primarily provides a configuration to simplify that assembly of components offered by existing packages (currently leveraging Plotly/Dash), and so occupies a slightly different niche from libraries offering primarily the lower-level components themselves. It also removes the requirement from users to implement certain code standards for the assembled code themselves, and therefore saves time on often time consuming things such as writing unit tests and ensuring linting coverage. | Many BI tools incorporate the assembly of higher-level concepts automatically from GUI (drop-and-drag) interfaces, and occupy a slightly different niche to the configuration driven assembly provided by Vizro.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
